**CognitiveScale Example Code License 
 
 
**TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

**1. Definitions**.

"**License**" shall mean the terms and conditions for use,
reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of
this document.

"**Licensor**" shall mean Cognitive Scale Inc., the copyright owner or
entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.

"**Legal Entity**" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with that entity.

"**You**" (or "**Your**") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
exercising permissions granted by this License.

"**Source**" form shall mean the preferred form for making
modifications, including but not limited to software source code,
documentation source, and configuration files.

"**Object**" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not
limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
conversions to other media types.

"**Work**" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work.

"**Derivative Works**" shall mean any work, whether in Source or
Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which
the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other
modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For
the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works
that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the
interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

**2. Grant of Copyright License**. Subject to the terms and conditions
of this License, Licensor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly
perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works
in Source or Object form.

**3. Redistribution**. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided:

-   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

-   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

-   Redistribution "Notice" include a text file for any Derivative Works
    that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution
    notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices
    that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least
    one of the following places:

    -   within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative
        Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided
        along with the Derivative Works; or,

    -   within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
        wherever such third-party notices normally appear.

> The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only
> and do not modify the License.
>
> You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
> provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
> reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such
> Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and
> distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated
> in this License.

**4. Trademarks**. This License does not grant permission to use the
trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the
Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in
describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the
NOTICE file.

**5. Disclaimer of Warranty**. Unless required by applicable law or
agreed to in writing, THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

**6. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability**. You may act only on
Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any
other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold
each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims
asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such
warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
